option B better explains what the consensus is on the first sentence rather than just giving a figure of 97% with no explanation what the consensus is
I don't like that snippet A assumes I already disagree with a type of feminism 
more objective and less of someone's opinion that can be condescending
more concise and understandable language 
gets to the point quicker
I agree with snippet B more so am more likely to read it 
don't get the quotation marks
I agree with snippet B more so would be more likely to read it 
talks more of feminism whereas snippet a is more about the debate
this is a wild statement and I think it would be funny to read to understand how on Earth someone could think like that
more objective so would choose this
more objective and less opinionated
more objective, I don't feel like snippet a has been researched and is more of an opinion of someone who has seen a horrific abortion on a tv show
I don't think snippet b is factually correct it's confusing abortion with miscarriage so I wouldn't read it
again snippet a isn't correct so I wouldn't read it
wrong info in both but agree with further points made in reasoned argument in snippet b
more reasoning behind the bold statement in snippet b
read better and makes more sense
I agree with the argument more- I often read things I agree with more maybe that makes me an echo chamber!
more reasoned argument
more objective
like how it refers to history of racism in politics to show this hasn't just happened out of the blue
Snippet B is too casual with its language, for example, the phrase "when oil hits the can."
more objective
more objective
seems more objective
more objective "skilled" rather than "great" and explains more why- I would want to know more about this as I feel it's been more skilfully analysed
more objective so I would read more as I think it would be more of a reasoned argument
neither really made sense to me but all the capital letters on the other snippet made me think it wasn't written by a skilled analyst/journalist 
more reasoned judgement and I think the analysis would be more interesting to read than someone's personal opinion 
I like the quotations and that it's original source material so I can form my own opinions 
more objective and reasoned argument that I'd like to read more about
I don't think snippet b is factually correct from my own knowledge
more objective less opinionated 
evidence base for argument that I would want to read
more objective and less opinionated 
more objective
reasoning behind the statement so the snippet on its own makes more sense and I'm more likely to read more
more reasoned argument. snippet be there's no link between people from other countries and can't afford children's education (when we have free education)
more reasoned argument rather than about the "debate"
gets to the point a bit quicker
wouldn't read the other argument as it looks like it's using references to child exploitation to gain shock factor or disgustingly impact seo
although there is a spelling mistake in snippet B the figures are the right way round so I trust it more
more reasoned argument
some information is mixed up in second argument so don't trust it as much
more objective
quotations are confusing on other snippet
where the sentence cuts off it makes me want to click the link and read more
irreversible makes more sense to me than perminate
more objective- the use of capital letters in first argument makes it sound ranty rather than a reasoned argument that I'd like to read more of
this argument sees the reasoning in both sides to come to a conclusion- I feel like I would learn more from reading the full argument
more objective less opinionated/emotional
although I often prefer a more objective argument as I myself fear all our eggs being in one basket I'm more likely to read this article
easier to read
to be honest I wouldn't want to click on either- A is saying "this suggests" when it is very apparent and B is ... well in a world of its own
more objective
feels like there's more to read on this one
more objective and I'd like to find out more
gets to the point quicker
easier to read
more readable and less formal
gets to the point quicker
more reasoned argument
more reasoned and less emotional. Comparing meat industry to slavery isn't appropriate and I would feel uncomfortable reading that argument 
has the right amount of emotional words while staying objective
more objective
again more emotional but objective with interesting stats
sticks to the point better
more objective and reasoned argument
I mean... I don't get what it has to do with a vegan diet so I guess the second argument is more objective and less vulgar
I guess argument a is more objective 
first option is more of a dictionary definition so is less interesting
more reasoned
more reasoned
more simple language and points are really clear
easier to read
explains in more detail I wouldn't know that "sandy" in snippet B would mean hurricane Sandy
other snippet has typos
less harsh. however, if I was reading this on Reddit I would find the term "opponent" off-putting but I guess in real life it wouldn't say that it would be their Reddit handle
easier to read
more reasoned argument less emotive
would avoid anything with "fake news"
gets to the point quicker
makes more sense
more objective
more objective
more objective less emotional
more objective
makes more sense
gets to the point quicker
like that it has direct quotes and makes sense
more considered argument
easier to read
Both the arguments do not address the query detailing the advantages and drawback of Feminism.
The use of quotation marks in Snippet B is confusing and does not explain any of the points.
Snippet A is not providing any evidence or claims but merely making reference to how the debate is going.
These are similar, but most of Snippet B is a quotation, whereas Snippet A has some insight about the quote as well.
I chose snippet A because it uses short sentences instead of one long one, and because it uses numbers which is more concrete than just saying "a high degree."
Snippet B seems more subjective, particularly the phrase "these movements advocate the reality."
Snippet B provides an overview of the main point.
I chose snippet B because it references masculinism, which is related to feminism, whereas snippet A could be about term in the dictionary.
Snippet A was not as well written as Snippet B and did not encourage me to read further as the last sentence was almost insulting in its language.
Snippet B makes reference to their "previous round" which is not helpful and doesn't help me decide to read further, whereas Snippet A is more concise with the points of argument.
Snippet B is a better researched argument.
Snippet B has better grammar and use of capitals.
Snippet B is more straightforward with its points.
Snippet A, with its use of capitals, comes off as aggressive and does not encourage me to read further.
I would choose Snippet B because it is well written and seems like the web page will contain valuable information.
Snippet A sounds like they have done their research and I think I would find valuable information if I continued to read.
Snippet B is more objective.
Snippet A's reference to "other species" makes me think that the additional information may not be focused solely on humans, which is likely what I would be looking for.
I chose Snippet B because it doesn't mention other species, just humans.
Snippet B provides an overview that seems like it will lead into more in-depth argument.
Snippet B is well written.
Snippet B is more objective.
Snippet A is objective whereas snippet B's use of capitals makes me think they are trying too hard.
Snippet B provides more detail, for example, starting to talk about the repercussions of illegal abortion, which makes me want to continue reading.
Snippet B is clearly written and gives a better overview of the topic.
Both very similar but snippet B is more concise and uses more numbers which encourages me to read.
Snippet A sounds subjective and emotional.
While neither of these seem to have anything to do with the argument, snippet B is clearly written.
Snippet A is more objective and concise.
Both snippets use the same statistics, but snippet A explains them in more detail. Additionally, snippet B sounds like someone wrote their thoughts down without really thinking, and snippet A shows more thought and editing.
Snippet B is confusing with it's place of quotation marks.
Snippet B is too subjective and uses inappropriate language.
Both are difficult to understand but Snippet B's way of capitalizing the letter of each word makes me not want to read further.
Very similar but the last sentence in Snippet A is more objective.
The latter part of snippet B goes off topic and contains information not relevant to the argument.
Snippet B is more objective, for example "controversial" instead of "outrageous" in Snippet A.
Snippet B is easier to read, for example, it says "false statements" instead of the phrase "non-lies" in Snippet A.
Snippet B is the better choice because it is objective, whereas Snippet A is calling people ignorant.
While both snippets reference similar points, Snippet A encourages me to read further with its last sentence referencing the wider impact.
Snippet A is more subjective, calling the EU "big brother."
Snippet A is written with a more objective tone.
Snippet A clearly covers the main points of the argument, where snippet B veers off topic toward the end when referencing other countries' economies.
Snippet A sounds more like they are attacking their opponent while snippet B is more respectful.
Snippet A makes me want to read further as it is clearly written.
Both snippets are saying the same thing, but snippet A does so in a more objective manner, and clearly outlines the evidence.
Snippet A provides evidence for their point, whereas snippet B apologizes that they don't have enough information.
Snippet A stays focused on climate change whereas snippet B goes off topic and speaks of child pornography and wars.
Snippet B uses the acronym LWOP which may not be familiar to everyone researching this topic. Snippet B is also subjective and emotional, calling their opponents "ludicrous."
Snippet A clearly outlines their argument, while snippet B hops back and forth from one point to another without a linear thought process.
Snippet B has a well thought out response, whereas snippet A has errors with grammar that make me unlikely to want to read more.
Snippet B does not just provide information about the link they reference, they also explain why it is relevant.
Snippet A gives an overview of the the financial aspect of the death penalty, whereas snippet B appears to have compiled random quotes about the topic together.
B is more compassionate, A conflates the issue in the wrong way
B seems too emotive, whereas A appeals to reason
B uses real life examples, whereas A just states a point
B provides information from the link clearly, whereas A does not in my opinion
A places the onus of thought on the reader, allowing them the space to form their own opinions. B is instructional, seemingly saying everything that is needed for a reader to make their mind up without their own research
B seems to me more fluent
B shows Trump's grandstanding more clearly - the rhetoric used in this example is much more attention grabbing, as that is it's intention
A is measured, reasoned. B is too anti-trump and plays into trump's own rhetoric
B is more measured
A explains the issues clearly, B just shows quotes with no explanation
B is more measured, A is too argumentative
B shows reason for the vote, A essentially says nothing
The statistics in B are more clearly utilised
B is more measured, presenting actual facts without the biased rhetoric of A
A presents facts, B presents rhetoric
A is accusational, B is a measured response
B states unfounded statements as fact
B doesn't make sense
A sees it's own limitations and recognises them fairly, B sees it's own limitations but still argues for them in the wrong way
B introduces irrelevant information
A is a presentation of an interpretation of facts, B relies on rhetoric
B relies on false rhetoric
B is just quotes with no explanation
The second sentence of A is not needed
A is more fluent
B is more human to all involved
A is too motivationally charged
A's second sentence is actually useful, B's second is pointless
A is proper argument, B is not
B presents false facts and inaccuracies
A is more fluent, more easily understandable
B explains the issue properly, A is false rhetoric
A doesn't rely on ideology for its argument
B is more fluent
B relies on ideology
B is more measured
B relies on ideology, A is more appropriate for anyone
A is written well, B thinks it's written well
A is crudely written
B is ideologically charged
A is just false
B presents a more convincing argument
B clearly shows its argument
A is false rhetoric
B presents its argument in a much more fluent way
B provides an actual argument
B provides useful commentary
A is measured, B relies on ideology
B is jsut false
B relies on ideology
I would choose Snippet A because it is fact-based and objective.
Unclear what either has to do with a vegan diet, but Snippet B is worded more appropriately.
Snippet A makes slightly more sense.
Snippet B is less pushy and provides more examples to back up its argument.
Snippet B provides more examples to back up its argument.
I would continue reading Snippet A as it appears to be leading into further information that would interest me on the topic.
Snippet B has grammar and spelling errors which discourages me from wanting to read more.
Snippet B is more objective.
I would choose snippet B as it is more objective.
Snippet A's style of writing is easier to follow.
Snippet B is more fact-based whereas Snippet A is making broad generalizations.
Snippet A is based on facts without the subjective commentary of Snippet B.
Both hard to follow but Snippet B is worse due to illuminati reference.
I prefer Snippet A as it doesn't use a quote that is difficult to follow.
Snippet B is easier to follow.
I would choose Snippet B as it more clearly explains the context.
Snippet A sounds more objective, whereas Snippet B seems to exaggerate with it's language.
Snippet B is more coherent. It's unclear why the quote is in Snippet A.
Snippet A seems like it will present more detailed and accurate information due to the fact that they have used capitals in proper areas.
Snippet A flows in a linear manner whereas Snippet B is difficult to follow.
I would choose Snippet A as it is more concise. Snippet B presents the same information but takes longer to do so.
Snippet B is very subjective and doesn't present any evidence for the argument.
The spelling mistakes and grammar errors in Snippet A would deter me from reading further.
The capitalization errors in snippet A would deter me from reading further.
While Snippet B provides interesting statistics, it also makes points that are unlikely to be accurate, such as it's first statement.
Snippet B is easier to follow whereas Snippet A has three points that don't connect smoothly.
Snippet A follows a clear line of thought.
I would choose Snippet B to continue reading as it is less judgmental in its language.
Snippet B makes a more coherent argument.
The wording in Snippet A is harder to follow.
While Snippet B is longer, it more clearly explains the argument.
I would be more likely to continue reading Snippet A solely because of the capitalization errors in Snippet B.
The language is clearer and easier to follow in Snippet B as it has better grammar.
Snippet A has better grammar and makes a more coherent argument.
Snippet A is objective and uses proper grammar and spelling.
Very similar but snippet B seems less argumentative, which makes it seem more objective.
Snippet A is very subjective and insulting while snippet B is objective.
Quite similar, but Snippet B has fewer grammatical errors, so I would continue reading that one.
I chose Snippet B as I am more likely to continue reading something that is objective.
Snippet A is more objective and easier to follow.
I find Snippet B to be overly emotional which makes me question whether it is fact-based.
Snippet B does not make a coherent argument.
Snippet B is more objective in its comments.
Snippet A makes me think that the writer/speaker is unreliable and not trust-worthy.
I dislike the use of the acronym in Snippet B.
All of the quotes in Snippet A make it harder to follow, while Snippet B has a concise argument.
Snippet A provides a more objective argument.
